Docs 1720 ia registry new (#3)
bmckercher123/docs: calico-cloud/image-assurance/scanners/registry-scanner.mdx

## Concepts

You can deploy the registry scanner wherever you want. Locally on a laptop. Anywhere. And it doesn’t have to be for Kubernetes.

To use this option, all you need to do is:
- Specify the registry paths to the images you want to scan
- Provide permissions for the scanner to access your registries
- Get a token for access to the Image Assurance API

Based on the paths you specify, the scanner recursively scans all images in the registry once, and sends results to the Image Assurance dashboard in Manager UI. Because the scanner is not running continuously, it may take some time for results to display in the dashboard, especially if you have many images or large images.

## Before you begin

**Required**

- You must have valid registry credentials

**Supported registry platforms**

- Amazon ECR
- Azure Container Registry
- Google GCR 

**Limitations**

- The registry scanner is available as an image (not using Tigera operator installation)
- You can scan images from only one of the supported registry platforms/account per instance

## How to

- [Download the registry scanner](#download-the-registry-scanner)

> - [Setting up registry scanner](#set-up-registry-credentials)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Set up registry scanner](#set-up-registry-credentials)
```

- [Scan images and send results to Calico Cloud](#scan-images-and-send-results-calico-cloud)
- [Troubleshoot](#troubleshoot)
- [Get registry scanner updates](#get-registry-scanner-updates)

### Download the registry scanner

> The registry scanner comes in a docker image. Simply run `docker pull quay.io/tigera/image-assurance-registry-scanner:v1.10.4` in order to retrieve it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The registry scanner comes in a docker image. To get the image, run `docker pull quay.io/tigera/image-assurance-registry-scanner:v1.10.4`.
```

> The registry scanner comes in a docker image. Simply run `docker pull quay.io/tigera/image-assurance-registry-scanner:v1.10.4` in order to retrieve it.

Reviewer 2: Hey @WilliamTigera, any direct mentions of IA versions should be abstracted away with a variable that we update from release to release. 

[Like this](https://github.com/tigera/docs/blob/main/calico-cloud_versioned_docs/version-18/image-assurance/scanners/pipeline-scanner.mdx#L73).

> ### Setting up registry scanner

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Set up registry scanner
```

#### Credentials

> The registry scanner supports scanning all registries as long as the docker credentials are provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The registry scanner supports scanning a registry where you provide Docker credentials.
```

Reviewer 2: Could we change the wording from "... scanning all registries ..." to "... scanning a registry ..."? 

I just want to avoid implying that a single running instance of the registry scanner can scan 2+ registries in one go. It cannot at this point in time.

Reviewer: Agree. Fixed.

> Providing the `DOCKER_USERNAME` and `DOCKER_PASSWORD` lets the registry scanner retrieve images that the credentials have access to. Retrieving images 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The registry scanner gets images only with tags using the credentials: `DOCKER_USERNAME` and `DOCKER_PASSWORD`.
```

> using these credentials will only retrieve images with tags.

Reviewer 2: I think it would be worth being overly communicative on this particular point, since it's a limitation of the registry scanner. 

So adding an additional sentence after this one to call out what it means in a slightly different manner would help hammer it home for the end user. 

E.g. Something like "This means any untagged images residing in your image registry will not be pulled and scanned."

> If you have a valid /.docker/config.json, you can also mount these while running the registry scanner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a valid /.docker/config.json, you can also mount [these what??] while running the registry scanner.
```

```

> docker run -v ~/.docker/config.json:/.docker/config.json quay.io/tigera/image-assurance-registry-scanner:v1.10.4

Reviewer 2: See my [previous comment here](https://github.com/bmckercher123/docs/pull/3/files#r1341789632). We want to avoid using hard-coded IA version strings.

Author: Our release process doesn't tag our latest images as :latest or anything. Is that okay when pulling from the quay.io registry? I had this concern too.

```

> The registry scanner also supports authentication using AZURE and AWS credentials. If you use these credentials, the registry scanner is able to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The registry scanner also supports authentication using AZURE and AWS credentials. If you use these credentials, the registry scanner can retrieve images that do not have tags associated with them. 
```

> retrieve images with no tags associated with them.

Reviewer 2: I find this part a bit confusing from a user's perspective. I don't think I would necessarily make the connection that I can provide the registry scanner with either my Docker credentials vs platform specific credentials (ACR or ECR) and get a different set of results (does not vs does scan untagged images). 

It kind of feels a bit wrong to allow that. I realize this isn't the time to open up a can of worms regarding the actual behaviour of the registry scanner, but from a user docs perspective, I think we should try to explain this limitation better. 

E.g. perhaps we could highlight this consideration (of scanning tagged vs untagged images) with a visual call out box. @bmckercher123 I don't know if we have different types of boxes other than the caution type of box. But I think that might be a good way to call this out so the user can better understand the limitation and how to avoid it.

Reviewer: Seems like we should call this out in Limitations in Before you begin...

**Limitations**

- The registry scanner is available as an image (not using Tigera operator installation)
- You can scan images from only one of the supported registry platforms/account per instance
- If you use the registry scanner with Docker, only tagged images are scanned. However, if you use the scanner with Amazon ECR or Azure Container Registry, both tagged and untagged images are scanned. 

Then, I still agree we should add a note inline to remind users of this limitation. I would also spell out in the note the implications of canning images without tags. Does it mean a huge number of images will be scanned that the user will have to filter out in the dashboard? We should say something. 

:::note
If you use the registry scanner with AZURE and AWS credentials, the registry scanner will retrieve images with no tags associated with them.
:::

Azure credentials needed:
`AZURE_CLIENT_ID` 
`AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET` or `AZURE_FEDERATED_TOKEN`
`AZURE_TENANT_ID`

AWS credentials needed:
`AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`
`AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`
`AWS_REGION`

> The registry scanner currently scans one registry at a time. If you specify the Azure or AWS credentials, the docker username and password will not be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The registry scanner currently scans one registry at a time. If you specify the Azure or AWS credentials, the Docker username and password will not be used.
```

> #### Required Inputs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Required inputs
```

The registry scanner requires:
 

> `REGISTRY` - the registry you want to scan.

Reviewer 2: Would be help to give an example value here or be more descriptive on what the value should be (e.g. it has to be the domain URL of the registry etc).

> `IMAGE_ASSURANCE_API_URL` - You can get this URL in the manager UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`IMAGE_ASSURANCE_API_URL` - Get this URL in the Manager UI.
```

> `IMAGE_ASSURANCE_API_TOKEN` - You can get this token in the manager UI. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`IMAGE_ASSURANCE_API_TOKEN` - Get this token in the Manager UI. 
```

Either the `DOCKER_USERNAME` and `DOCKER_PASSWORD`, Azure credentials, or AWS credentials. 

> #### Optional Inputs 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Optional inputs 
```

> `REGISTRY_FILTER` - with thousands of repositories and images, sometimes we do not want to scan everything as it could be very time consuming.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`REGISTRY_FILTER` - variable to limit scanning time when you have thousands of repositories and images. Supports a comma-separated list. 
```

This environment variable supports a comma separated list on what you want to scan.

Example: for a gcr registry that contains:
```
gcr.io/prod-env/api
gcr.io/staging-env/api 
gcr.io/dev/api
```

> You might not care about the dev "sub" registry. Simply provide 1-e REGISTRY_FILTER=prod-env,staging-env` to filter out the images under dev.

Reviewer 2: > Simply provide 1-e REGISTRY_FILTER=prod-env,staging-env` to filter out the images under dev.

What does "1-e" mean?

Author: typo.

> ### Scan images and send results to Calico Cloud

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Scan images and send results to {{prodname}}
```

 quay.io/tigera/image-assurance-registry-scanner:v1.10.4
```

Example run for an acr registry with Azure credentials:

```
docker run -e REGISTRY=your-org.azurecr.io -e IMAGE_ASSURANCE_API_URL=https://<clustId>-management.dev.calicocloud.io/bast
 -e IMAGE_ASSURANCE_API_TOKEN=$TOKEN -e AZURE_CLIENT_ID=<azure-client-id> -e AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET=<azure-client-secret> -e AZURE_TENANT_ID=<azure-tenant-id>
 quay.io/tigera/image-assurance-registry-scanner:v1.10.4
```

Example run for an ecr registry with AWS credentials:

```
docker run -e REGISTRY=gcr.io -e IMAGE_ASSURANCE_API_URL=https://<clustId>-management.dev.calicocloud.io/bast
 -e IMAGE_ASSURANCE_API_TOKEN=$TOKEN -e AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=<aws-access-key> -e AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=<aws-secret-access-key> -e AWS_REGION=<aws-region>
 quay.io/tigera/image-assurance-registry-scanner:v1.10.4
```

Example run when mounting the dockerfile:

```
docker run -e REGISTRY=gcr.io -e IMAGE_ASSURANCE_API_URL=https://<clustId>-management.dev.calicocloud.io/bast
 -e IMAGE_ASSURANCE_API_TOKEN=$TOKEN -v ~/.docker/config.json/:/.docker/config.json quay.io/tigera/image-assurance-registry-scanner:v1.10.4
```

### Troubleshoot

> If you have troubles authenticating with the registry, check that the registry credentials are correct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have trouble authenticating with the registry, check that the registry credentials are correct.
```

> If you have trouble uploading the results to the calico cloud database, check that the api token and url are correct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have trouble uploading the results to the {{prodname}}, check that the API token and URL are correct.
```

Reviewer 2: I think we should remove "database", that is a little too specific in terms of details.

Reviewer 2: Minor: Could we capitalize "URL" and "API"?

Reviewer: Fixed.

### Get registry scanner updates

> Check our quay.io/tigera repository for the latest registry scanner versions.

Reviewer: Should we add the same command as the other scanner docs?

To see the current version you are running, run this command. For example:

```shell
./tigera-scanner version
{{imageassuranceversion}}
```

Reviewer 2: Does the registry scanner support a version command?

I don't think so.

Author: It does not.
